By Strauss - George Gershwin, Ira Gershwin|Dance|By Strauss" is a 1936 song composed by George Gershwin. It pays homage to the music of Johann Strauss, Sr. and Johann Strauss Jr. Vincente Minnelli included it in his 1936 revue The Show Is On. Woman singer. Opera.
Call me maby - Carly Rae Jepsen, Tavish Crowe and Josh Ramsay|Pop|Call Me Maybe" is a song recorded by Canadian singer-songwriter Carly Rae Jepsen for her EP Curiosity (2012) and later appeared on her second studio album Kiss. It was released as the lead single from the EP on September 20, 2011, through 604 Records. Musically, it is a teen pop, dance-pop and bubblegum pop track that alludes to the inconvenience that love at first sight brings to a girl. Music hit. Energic. Woman singer
Detroit City - Danny Dill, Mel Tillis|Country|Detroit City" is a song written by Danny Dill and Mel Tillis. Country music singer Bobby Bare's version was released in 1963. The song was Bare's first Top 10 hit on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart. Music hit. Man singer
Dont worry be happy - Bobby McFerrin|Regge|Don't Worry, Be Happy" is a 1988 song by American musician Bobby McFerrin. It was the first a cappella song to reach number-one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, a position it held for two weeks. The song is written in the key of B major and features no instruments at all. At the 1989 Grammy Awards, it won the awards for Song of the Year, Record of the year, and Best Male Pop Vocal Performance.Music hit. Man singer
Dream A Little Dream Of Me - Wilbur Schwandt and Fabian Andre, Gus Kahn|Jazz|Dream a Little Dream of Me" is a 1931 song with music by Fabian Andre and Wilbur Schwandt and lyrics by Gus Kahn. It was first recorded in February 1931 by Ozzie Nelson and also by Wayne King and His Orchestra, with vocals by Ernie Birchill. A popular standard, it has seen more than 60 other versions recorded. The song enjoyed its highest-charting success when it was covered in 1968 by Cass Elliot with The Mamas & the Papas. Hit. Man singer
Everything Is Beautiful - Ray Stevens|Pop|Everything Is Beautiful" is a song written, composed, and performed by Ray Stevens. It has appeared on many of Stevens's albums, including one named after the song, and has become a pop standard. The song was responsible for two wins at the Grammy Awards of 1971. Happy. Man singer.
Eye of the Tiger - Frankie Sullivan|Rock|"Eye of the Tiger" is a song by American rock band Survivor. It was released as a single from their third album of the same name and was also the theme song for the 1982 film Rocky III. The song was written by Survivor guitarist Frankie Sullivan and keyboardist Jim Peterik. It topped charts worldwide during 1982. Man singer. Film music.
Feeling Good - Anthony Newley, Leslie Bricusse|Jazz|"Feeling Good" is a song written by Anthony Newley and Leslie Bricusse for the musical The Roar of the Greasepaint - The Smell of the Crowd. It was first performed on stage in 1964 by Cy Grant on the UK tour and by Gilbert Price in 1965 with the original Broadway cast. Sammy Davis Jr., Traffic, Michael Buble, John Coltrane, George Michael, Victory, Joe Bonamassa, Eden, Muse, Black Cat Bones, Leslie West, Avicii, Chloe Palaver Strings & Kebra have covered the song. Man singing
Flight Of The Bumblebee - Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov|Classical music|"Flight of the Bumblebee" is an orchestral interlude written by Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov for his opera The Tale of Tsar Saltan. The piece closes Act III, Tableau 1, during which the magic Swan-Bird changes Prince Gvidon Saltanovich into an insect so that he can fly away to visit his father. Orchestra.
God Only Knows - Brian Wilson, Tony Asher|Pop|"God Only Knows" is a song by American rock band the Beach Boys from their 1966 album Pet Sounds. Written by Brian Wilson and Tony Asher, it is a Baroque-style love song distinguished for its harmonic innovation and complexity. The song's musical sophistication is demonstrated by its three contrapuntal vocal parts and weak tonal center (competing between the keys of E and A). Man sings
God Rest Ye Merry, Gentlemen - Traditional English|Choir|"God Rest You Merry, Gentlemen" is an English traditional Christmas carol. It is also known as "Tidings of Comfort and Joy", and by other variant incipits. An early version of this carol is found in an anonymous manuscript, dating from the 1650s. It contains a slightly different version of the first line from that found in later texts. Carol. Choir.
GRAN TORINO - Cullum, Eastwood|Country?|Gran Torino is a 2008 American drama film directed and produced by Clint Eastwood, who also starred in the film. The film co-stars Christopher Carley, Bee Vang and Ahney Her. The story follows Walt Kowalski, a recently widowed Korean War veteran alienated from his family and angry at the world. It is the first mainstream American film to feature Hmong Americans. Sad. film music.
Love Hurts - Boudleaux Bryant|Rock|"Love Hurts" is a song written and composed by the American songwriter Boudleaux Bryant. First recorded by the Everly Brothers in July 1960, it is most well known from the 1974 international hit version by Scottish hard rock band Nazareth and 1975 Top 5 hit in the UK by English singer Jim Capaldi. Love. Sad.
Love's Theme - Barry White|Dance|"Love's Theme" is an instrumental piece written by Barry White in around 1965. Recorded and released as a single by White's The Love Unlimited Orchestra in 1973. It was one of the few instrumental and purely orchestral singles to reach #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart in the United States. The recording was considered to be an influence on the disco sound. Love.
Meet The Flintstones - Hoyt Curtin|Jazz|"Meet the Flintstones" is the theme song of the 1960s animated television series The Flintstones. Composed in 1961 by Hoyt Curtin, Joseph Barbera and William Hanna, it is one of the most popular and best known of all theme songs. The song was covered by American new wave band the B-52's. Film music.
Single Girl - Martha Sharp|Country|Single Girl is a song by Martha Sharpe that was an international hit for American singer Sandy Posey from late 1966 to early 1967. Posey recorded "Single Girl" in Nashville, Tennessee on August 10, 1966. It was produced by "Chips" Moman and released by MGM. Music hit. Woman singer.
Sunrise Serenade - Frankie Carle, Jack Lawrence|Jazz|"Sunrise Serenade" is a jazz song written by Frankie Carle with lyrics by Jack Lawrence. It was first recorded in 1939 by Glen Gray and the Casa Loma Orchestra with Carle on piano. Glenn Miller recorded the song on April 10, 1939 in New York.
Super Duper Love - Willie Garner|R&B|"Super Duper Love (Are You Diggin' on Me)" is a song by Willie "Sugar Billy" Garner. It was made famous when English singer Joss Stone covered the song's part one for her debut album, The Soul Sessions. Stone's version is featured on the soundtrack to the 2004 films The Prince and Me and Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason, and in 2005's Monster-in-Law.
Country Roads - Bill Danoff, Taffy Nivert, John Denver|Country|Year 1971. Man singer.
Take On Me - A-Ha|Pop|"Take On Me" is a song by the Norwegian synth-pop band a-ha. The original version, recorded in 1984 and released in October of that same year, was produced by Tony Mansfield and remixed by John Ratcliff. The 1985 international hit version was produced by Alan Tarney for the group's debut studio album, Hunting High and Low (1985). The recording combines synth-pop with a varied instrumentation, including acoustic guitars, keyboards, and drums. Music hit.
The Godfather Theme - Larry Kusic and Nino Rota|Classc music|"Love Theme from The Godfather" is an instrumental theme from the 1972 film The Godfather, composed by Nino Rota. The piece was lyricized in English by Larry Kusik into "Speak Softly, Love", a popular song released in 1972. The highest-charting rendition of either version was by vocalist Andy Williams, who took "Speak Softly Love" to number 34 on Billboard magazine's Hot 100 and number seven on its Easy Listening chart.
Woman In Love - Robin Gibb, Barry Gibb|Country|"Woman in Love" is a song performed by Barbra Streisand and taken from her 1980 album, Guilty. The song was written by Barry and Robin Gibb of the Bee Gees, who received the 1980 Ivor Novello award for Best Song Musically and Lyrically. It is her fourth of four Platinum records, and is considered her greatest international hit.
You Call Everybody Darling - Clem Watts, Ben Trace, Sam Martin|Country|"You Call Everybody Darlin'" is a popular song. The words and music were by Sam Martin, Ben Trace, and Al Trace, who used the pseudonym Clem Watts. The song was copyrighted and published in 1946. 3 singers.
Young And Foolish - Albert Hague, Arnold B. Horwitt|Pop|"Young and Foolish" is a popular song with music by Albert Hague and lyrics by Arnold B. Horwitt, published in 1954. The song was introduced in the musical Plain and Fancy (1955-56)
